README.md, before:

# `Dionysus Era Development (DED)`

---

## Repo Info

| Title            | Date       | Author       | Description                                     |
| ---------------- | ---------- | ------------ | ----------------------------------------------- |
| react-ded-boiler | 12/30/2021 | `Hima Balde` | Custom React App configured for WebPack & Babel |

| Type                 | Use Case        | Completed | OS       |
| -------------------- | --------------- | --------- | -------- |
| React Boilerplate ⚛️ | Starter Project | Master 🏁 | macOS ✔️ |

---

### App Info

| **Build Info** | **Content**                                                    | **Dependencies**          |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Lib & Lang     | `React` `JSX` `HTML` `CSS` `json`                              | [x] completed             |
| Config         | `Webpack` Bundler `Babel` Transpiler `NPM/npx` Package Manager | [x] completed             |
| UI/UX          | `Bootstrap` `Tailwindcss` `React-Bootstrap` `SCSS SASS`        | [ ] customizable          |
| Deployable     | `Vercel` `Azure` `GitHub Pages`                                | [ ] Build for Production  |
| Folders        | _Root, Src, Posts, Public_                                     | [ ] customizable |
| Outline        | _Components, Layout, Configuration, Testing_                   | [x] completed             |

---

### Getting Started

```bash
git clone https://github.com/bahim22/react-ded-boiler.git
npm install
```

---

#### Web Development Info

`**Resources & Citation**`

> Links

- [dev.to/iamismile](https://dev.to/iamismile/how-to-setup-webpack-and-babel-for-react-59ph/)

- [dev.to/deadwing7x](https://dev.to/deadwing7x/setup-a-react-app-with-webpack-and-babel-4o3k)

##### `Current Projects`

| Projects            | Type                       | Version                  | Status           |
| ------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------------ | ---------------- |
| `Dionysus Era`      | Business Main Website      | Editing & Styling        | [ ] todo         |
| `Hima Balde`        | Personal Portfolio         | Final v 1 & Building v 2 | [x] done & [] 📋 |
| `Inner Sity Market` | Marketing Business Website | Final v 2                | [x] done         |
| `ISM-DED`           | e-commerce                 | Work in progress         | [ ] concept      |

###### `Aliases & Affiliations` [^2]

[^2]: Footnote GitHub Profile **[`Hima-Balde`](https://github.com/bahim22)**

###### **Pseudonym/Nom de Guerre**

- Bahim22
- Dionysus

###### **Affiliations**

- Inner Sity Market (ISM)
- Dionysus Era Dev (DED)

---

Commit message:

updates from rxt-portfo-3 repos using Webpack 5; finish UI & config

README.md, after:

# `Dionysus Era Development (DED)`

## Currently adjusting with development config from my [`Portfolio`](https://github.com/bahim22/rxt-portfo3) ecrive repos to reflect changes in Webpack5 and React18

---

## Repo Info

| Title            | Date       | Author       | Description                                     |
| ---------------- | ---------- | ------------ | ----------------------------------------------- |
| react-ded-boiler | 12/30/2021 | `Hima Balde` | Custom React App configured for WebPack & Babel |

| Type                 | Use Case        | Completed | OS       |
| -------------------- | --------------- | --------- | -------- |
| React Boilerplate ⚛️ | Starter Project | Master 🏁 | macOS ✔️ |

---

### App Info

| **Build Info** | **Content**                                                    | **Dependencies**          |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Lib & Lang     | `React` `JSX` `HTML` `CSS` `json`                              | [x] completed             |
| Config         | `Webpack` Bundler `Babel` Transpiler `NPM/npx` Package Manager | [x] completed             |
| UI/UX          | `Bootstrap` `Tailwindcss` `React-Bootstrap` `SCSS SASS`        | [ ] customizable          |
| Deployable     | `Vercel` `Azure` `GitHub Pages`                                | [ ] Build for Production  |
| Folders        | _Root, Src, Posts, Public_                                     | [ ] customizable |
| Outline        | _Components, Layout, Configuration, Testing_                   | [x] completed             |

---

### Getting Started

```bash
git clone https://github.com/bahim22/react-ded-boiler.git
npm install
```

---

#### Web Development Info

`**Resources & Citation**`

> Links

- [dev.to/iamismile](https://dev.to/iamismile/how-to-setup-webpack-and-babel-for-react-59ph/)

- [dev.to/deadwing7x](https://dev.to/deadwing7x/setup-a-react-app-with-webpack-and-babel-4o3k)

##### `Current Projects`

| Projects            | Type                       | Version                  | Status           |
| ------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------------ | ---------------- |
| `Dionysus Era`      | Business Main Website      | Editing & Styling        | [ ] todo         |
| `Hima Balde`        | Personal Portfolio         | Final v 1 & Building v 2 | [x] done & [] 📋 |
| `Inner Sity Market` | Marketing Business Website | Final v 2                | [x] done         |
| `ISM-DED`           | e-commerce                 | Work in progress         | [ ] concept      |

###### `Aliases & Affiliations` [^2]

[^2]: Footnote GitHub Profile **[`Hima-Balde`](https://github.com/bahim22)**

###### **Pseudonym/Nom de Guerre**

- Bahim22
- Dionysus

###### **Affiliations**

- Inner Sity Market (ISM)
- Dionysus Era Dev (DED)

---
